ci: change new release trigger from release to release branch (#178)
apache/apisix-docker: MAINTAINING.md

## New release

To make and publish new docker images on docker hub, maintainers should create branch under `apisix-docker` repo with specific name.

> For apisix and dashboard new version, the branch name should use prefix `release/apisix` and `release/dashboard` seperately. Remember to delete the release branch after the new images published, since the branch would got no use afterwards.

Reviewer: It would be better to add some examples about the branch name.

Author: I intended to add one, but since it would get deleted, I think naming it `release/apisix` or `release/apisix-v2.6` would makes no difference here.

Reviewer: I mean:

```suggestion
For apisix and dashboard new version, the branch name should use prefix `release/apisix` and `release/dashboard` separately (e.g. `release/apisix-2.6`, `release/dashboard-2.6`). Remember to delete the release branch after the new images published, since the branch would got no use afterwards.
```
